after optimizing my PC pretty much every
day for the past 2 months I felt like I
reached the limit of how much
performance I could squeeze out of my
computer but a couple weeks ago a
professional PC tweaker sent this
message right here claiming that he
could still increase my FPS even after
I've done all of these optimizations so
I was thinking to myself why not what's
the worst that could
happen and unsurprisingly it went
extremely well so this is how my PC used
to perform this is with just all the
optimizations that I did in the past and
with his optimizations man we actually
touched 400 FPS this is the first time
I've ever seen 400 FPS on fortnite and
because it works so well for me I'm
going to be sharing some of the stuff he
taught me and yeah let's get right into
it so I messaged him and it was
surprisingly a really simple process
even though he lived across the world
but we managed to set up a time that was
convenient for the both of us when we
actually set up a time for it he made me
download this software called nesk and
it basically allows the PC tweaker to be
able to fully access your computer so if
any of you guys want to hire a PC
tweaker in the future be sure to encrypt
all of your files because it'll be
really easy for them to simply just open
all of them so he made me run this code
which is from Chris Titus and he does PC
optimizations as well so in order to
actually run the software we have to go
to Windows Powershell and then we're
going to have to run this software as
administrator and in here you literally
just copy and paste that press enter and
then it's going to open up this thing
right here just like that from here you
can pretty much install any software you
can install process lasso which we went
over before you can install Google Edge
pretty much anything but we're just
going to go into the tweak section and
he did a bunch of optimizations in here
the thing is I already made a restore
point but if you guys are following
along in this video you should probably
check this restore point thing it'll
make it a lot easier for you so you
don't have to make it manually you're
going to just make sure you disable all
of these so disable this disable this
disable this disable this and disable
that and yeah there's the description
for pretty much every single thing here
so every time you disable something you
can actually understand what it does I
lowkey struggled to explain some of my
optimizations in my own vide so this is
a really good thing that he put into the
software and there you go I press run
tweaks twice it doesn't make it very
clear once to actually start it but yeah
there you go and yeah the safest option
is to just select what you have so if
you have a laptop then press laptop if
you have a desktop select desktop and
then run tweaks and then we're just
going to go into this update section and
in here he helped me select this one
because this is the best one and you can
do a lot of stuff in this software too
I'm not going to go over every single
thing because he also didn't go through
every single thing with me in here you
can also add an ultimate performance
profile but if you've been on this
YouTube channel for a bit I've been
promoting ultimate performance for the
past 5 billion years so you guys
probably know all about it but if you
guys don't you can really just simply
press that button there once you're done
with all of that you can obviously close
out of Windows Powershell the next thing
he made me do was install this thing
called Optimizer
16.5 exe which sounds absolutely crazy
but it actually works and it's pretty
insane and a lot of the stuff we've
already done with the previous software
so we didn't check that but yeah a lot
of this stuff is just checked and then
in this Windows 11 section all this
stuff got checked and then in startup we
pretty much disabled everything
including Logitech ghub for some reason
still here I literally un installed this
thing but I don't know why it's still
there what the heck is this security
health man what the heck is security
health let me Google this what the heck
is security health it doesn't take much
resources it's better to keep it so I
guess we're just going to keep it based
on that Reddit post because again as I
said in the past I trust Reddit probably
more than my University professors the
software also has an option to download
all of these useful applications there's
a cleaner so this is a good place to
basically just clean up everything on
our PC so let's get rid of this and if
you've seen the previous video I just
did a lot of optimizations for internet
personally Cloud flare is the fastest
and yeah that's pretty much it for
Optimizer
16.5ti open this is the fastest way to
get to it so you go to details and then
you'll see fortnite client win64
shipping and then go to open file
location and on this file right here
right click it go into properties go to
compatibility uh for most people
disabling full screen optimizations is
going to help your performance but
definitely try it out with this
unchecked as well because it does
definitely depend on your system but for
most Windows 10 and windows 11 systems
you'll probably want this unchecked so
now we're going to disable transparency
so all you have to do is type in
transparency and be sure to have all of
these off and if you use Google or
Discord in the background be sure to
turn off Graphics acceleration and turn
off Hardware acceleration this goes with
any software that you use in the
background while you're trying to play
your game using Hardware acceleration
will absolutely destroy your performance
so as I said earlier in this video I did
not just get 380 f FPS out of the box it
took a lot of time and a lot of
optimizations to get to that point so
I'm going to show you some more
optimizations and you'll definitely
notice an even bigger difference along
with all the optimizations that the
professional PC tweaker gave me in the
middle of recording this video a new
GeForce gam ready driver just dropped
now the really important thing that you
need to remember every time you download
a new driver is that it's not going to
perform really well right out of the box
because it takes a really long time to
get everything into the Shader caches
and you're going to get a lot of
stutters when you boot up into your
first creative game and you boot up into
your first battle royale game in fact it
takes multiple games for you to load in
everything so you'll definitely notice a
lot of stutters at least in your first
day of playing so before you Benchmark
any of your FPS and compare the FPS that
you get with a new driver you got to
make sure that you play for at least a
full day and honestly ever since I got
this laptop with a 30 series GPU none of
the new drivers have ever performed
worse than the old ones and now I'm
going to show you what you can do with
Nvidia profile inspector usually people
use this just to get potato Graphics but
that's not the only thing you can do
with this it can actually give you a
huge performance uplift so I'm not only
going to give you my preset but I'm also
going to teach you how you can actually
create your own preset for the best
performance on your PC and if you're
finding this video helpful so far
definitely take a second to smash like
now if you want you can copy my preset
from Discord a link to my Discord will
be in the comments but if you want to
have a preset the only thing that this
really does is make your character
slightly blurry and also it makes the
ground slightly more Jagged and just to
prove a point all of the Clips in this
video we're using this preset with these
slightly potato Graphics so if you do
like how my game looks cuz it looks
slightly smoother than usual if you do
like how my game looks you can check
this out this preset was actually made
by the guy who offered to optimize my PC
so yeah you can definitely trust that
this is a good preset so all you have to
do is start downloading it once you
press download it goes straight into
your downloads and then from here you'll
see this button right here that says
import profile and you just have to
select the file and you'll see that some
of the values changed like right here
I'm just going to explain what every
single setting does so that you can
change it for yourself because a lot of
these they don't really make sense to
the average person so right here with
all of the gsync settings you just want
to have them all off it's really only
useful if you use vertical sink at the
same time but again vertical snc does
give you extra input delay so it's not
worth using in the first place and it
does take a toll on your performance so
we have everything set to off here so if
you just press this drop down menu here
you can just change everything right
here and you just have to make sure
everything there is off or Force off
then in maximum pre-rendered frames we
have it set to one it's a really
confusing thing to explain but basically
the less pre-rendered frames you have
the better input delay you have but if
you have a lot of pre-rendered frames
all of those frames are already rendered
so that you'll get the smoothest
experience so comparing 1 to 8 you're
going to get the least performance but
the lowest input delay as well and then
obviously in preferred refresh rate this
is just the FPS that you're running you
always want to run the highest available
FPS this doesn't mean that it's going to
cancel your FPS cap in fortnite if you
cap your FPS to 144 like I do in
fortnite it's still going to override
this but in case you ever want to uncap
your FPS in fortnite to test if these
optimizations actually work it's
important to have it on highest
available so you're always pushing the
maximum amount of frames in this third
tab right here for anti-aliasing you
kind of just want to make sure all AA
settings are pretty much off this is
just more post-processing for your game
which will get rid of the jagged lines
and get rid of glimmering which does not
really matter when you're playing
competitively and this right here is
very important to be able to activate
the semi potato Graphics it's important
to have this is this setting right here
you're just going to click on that and
you can also select settings just by
scrolling like this what a lot of people
get wrong when they do the potato
Graphics is that they change the LOD
bias ogl a lot this is only important
for openg GL which fortnite does not use
unless I'm completely wrong you guys can
correct me in the comments but I'm
pretty sure performance mode and direct
X1 use the directx11 rendering API which
would make sense everyone knows about
this setting right here basically the
closer you get to this number the more
potato Graphics you're going to get but
if you select something like 75 so you
get a huge performance increase without
having to make your game look like
actual garbage then over here in texture
filtering we're going to put on allow
this is pretty important especially for
laptop Gamers like me be sure to set
your power management mode to prefer
maximum performance and then in Shader
cache anything above 10 GB is crazy I
believe 10 GB is the driver default
there's really no point in having 100
gbt because you're just going to have
Shader caches that you're never going to
use and also it's going to take
literally years to fill up the whole 100
GB leave that on 10 GB unlimited is
horrible never never do that never do
that and then we're going to have
threaded optimization on on I'm going to
be honest I have no idea what threaded
optimization does and yeah pretty much
all of the other settings have no impact
and if you would like to learn how to
optimize your PC for this season
specifically definitely check out this
video right here